[shopsys] Redesigned print page of product detail page (#808)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/frontend/understanding-the-style-directory.md

- `core/` - contains core setting
    - `form/` - contains styles related to form elements
        - `btn.less` - definition of `.btn` class and its modifications
        - `input.less` - definition of base input HTLM element, `.input` class and its modifications
    - `mixin/` - contains usefull `Less mixins`
    - `animation.less` - used for CSS animation
    - `base.less` - set base styles for HTML elements
    - `reset.less` - reset CSS attributes of HTML elements
    - `typography.less` - set base styles for typography
    - `variables.less` - contains variables definition
- `helpers/` - contains helper classes for setting `display`, `font-size`, `cursor`, `float`, `text-align`, `clear`, `margin`, `padding` attributes
- `layout/` - contains styles related to web layout
    - `header/` - contains all classes related to `.header` class
- `libs/` - contains styles of third side application
- `print/` - contains styles intended for print page. Structure of folder `print/` copy folder structure of this root folder. You will find in `print/` only files that were needed to be modified in order to show print page correctly.

## How to create new LESS component

> First of all, is good to select a class name that will fit the purpose of the `LESS component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, it is good to select a class name that will fit the purpose of the `LESS component`.
```

After that you have to realize which type of component it should be. To determine where a new component belongs, it is recommended to follow the suggestion mentioned in the previous section **Root directory**. You can find these suggestions in the description for individual component folders.

## How to style print page
For this purpose please access `print/` folder. In the folder place only files that are necessary to style print page. It is recommended to respect folder structure as is in the root folder.

### Best practices

> In case you want to hide HTML element there exist CSS class `.dont-print`. It is best practice to do not hide element through styles but by placing this class to an appropriate element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to hide HTML element there exist CSS class `.dont-print`. It is best practice not to hide element through styles but to place this class to an appropriate element.
```

### Example 1 - Setting green color on title in product list
In order to style the product list, you will have to find an appropriate `LESS component`. In our case it would be placed in `src/Shopsys/ShopBundle/Resources/styles/front/common/print/components/list/products.less`. It is also recommended to respect the way of writing a class name and its definition. We use BEM methodology in Shopsys Framework (for more information please visit [Introduction to BEM](http://getbem.com/introduction/)).

> Let us assume we need to set a green color for product title in the product list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume we need to set a green color for product title in the product list.
```

> Code in file `print/components/list/products.less` would look like is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in file `print/components/list/products.less` would look like as it is shown below.
```

```less
.list-products {
    &__item {
        &__title {
            color: green;
        }
    }
}
```

### Example 2 - Hidding all advert places

> In order to hide all advert places, we will proceed as is recommended in best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to hide all advert places, we will proceed as recommended within best practices part.
```
